##
# Copyright (c) 1999 Apple Computer, Inc. All rights reserved.
#
# @APPLE_LICENSE_HEADER_START@
# 
# "Portions Copyright (c) 1999 Apple Computer, Inc.  All Rights
# Reserved.  This file contains Original Code and/or Modifications of
# Original Code as defined in and that are subject to the Apple Public
# Source License Version 1.0 (the 'License').  You may not use this file
# except in compliance with the License.  Please obtain a copy of the
# License at http://www.apple.com/publicsource and read it before using
# this file.
# 
# The Original Code and all software distributed under the License are
# distributed on an 'AS IS' basis, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER
# EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AND APPLE HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL SUCH WARRANTIES,
# INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
# FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.  Please see the
# License for the specific language governing rights and limitations
# under the License."
# 
# @APPLE_LICENSE_HEADER_END@
##

#
# Mach Operating System
# Copyright (c) 1989 Carnegie-Mellon University
# All rights reserved.  The CMU software License Agreement specifies
# the terms and conditions for use and redistribution.
#
#

#
# N.B. "kern/lock.c" is listed as "optional cpus" so that config will
# create an "cpus.h" file.
#
OPTIONS/hw_ast				optional hw_ast
OPTIONS/hw_footprint			optional hw_footprint
OPTIONS/kernserv			optional kernserv
OPTIONS/mach_assert			optional mach_assert
OPTIONS/mach_compat			optional mach_compat
OPTIONS/mach_counters			optional mach_counters
OPTIONS/mach_debug			optional mach_debug
OPTIONS/mach_fastlink			optional mach_fastlink
OPTIONS/mach_fixpri			optional mach_fixpri
OPTIONS/mach_host			optional mach_host
OPTIONS/mach_ipc_compat			optional mach_ipc_compat
OPTIONS/mach_ipc_debug			optional mach_ipc_debug
OPTIONS/mach_ipc_test			optional mach_ipc_test
OPTIONS/mach_kdb			optional mach_kdb
OPTIONS/mach_ldebug			optional mach_ldebug
OPTIONS/mach_load			optional mach_load
OPTIONS/mach_machine_routines		optional mach_machine_routines
OPTIONS/mach_nbc			optional mach_nbc
OPTIONS/rev_endian_fs			optional rev_endian_fs
OPTIONS/mach_net			optional mach_net
OPTIONS/mach_np				optional mach_np
OPTIONS/mach_old_vm_copy		optional mach_old_vm_copy
OPTIONS/mach_pagemap			optional mach_pagemap
OPTIONS/mach_sctimes			optional mach_sctimes
OPTIONS/mach_vm_debug			optional mach_vm_debug
OPTIONS/mach_xp				optional mach_xp
OPTIONS/mach_xp_fpd			optional mach_xp_fpd
OPTIONS/quota				optional quota
OPTIONS/simple_clock			optional simple_clock
OPTIONS/stat_time			optional stat_time
OPTIONS/xpr_debug			optional xpr_debug
OPTIONS/kdebug				optional kdebug
OPTIONS/nfsclient			optional nfsclient
OPTIONS/nfsserver			optional nfsserver
OPTIONS/driverkit			optional driverkit
OPTIONS/mallocdebug			optional mallocdebug
OPTIONS/kernobjc			optional kernobjc
OPTIONS/kernremote			optional kernremote
OPTIONS/uxpr				optional uxpr
OPTIONS/kernel_stack			optional kernel_stack
OPTIONS/norma_ipc			optional norma_ipc
OPTIONS/norma_device			optional norma_device
OPTIONS/norma_vm			optional norma_vm
OPTIONS/norma_task			optional norma_task
OPTIONS/norma_ether			optional norma_ether
OPTIONS/new_vm_code			optional new_vm_code
OPTIONS/old_vm_code			optional old_vm_code
OPTIONS/compat_43			optional compat_43
OPTIONS/diagnostic			optional diagnostic
OPTIONS/ktrace				optional ktrace
OPTIONS/event				optional event

#
# Network options
#
OPTIONS/multicast			optional multicast
OPTIONS/mrouting			optional mrouting
OPTIONS/routing				optional routing
OPTIONS/eon					optional eon
OPTIONS/tpip				optional tpip
OPTIONS/ns					optional ns
OPTIONS/iso					optional iso
OPTIONS/tuba				optional tuba
OPTIONS/ccitt				optional ccitt
OPTIONS/hdlc				optional hdlc
OPTIONS/llc					optional llc
OPTIONS/gateway				optional gateway

#
# Filesystem options
#
OPTIONS/ffs				optional ffs
OPTIONS/hfs				optional hfs
OPTIONS/lfs				optional lfs
OPTIONS/mfs				optional mfs
OPTIONS/fdesc				optional fdesc
OPTIONS/fifo				optional fifo
OPTIONS/kernfs				optional kernfs
OPTIONS/nullfs				optional nullfs
OPTIONS/portal				optional portal
OPTIONS/procfs				optional procfs
OPTIONS/umapfs				optional umapfs
OPTIONS/union				optional union
OPTIONS/cd9660				optional cd9660

bsd/libkern/locc.c				standard
bsd/libkern/random.c			standard
bsd/libkern/rindex.c			standard
bsd/libkern/scanc.c				standard
bsd/libkern/skpc.c				standard
bsd/libkern/strtol.c				standard

bsd/kern/syscalls.c				standard

bsd/vfs/vfs_bio.c				standard
bsd/vfs/vfs_cache.c				standard
bsd/vfs/vfs_cluster.c			standard
bsd/vfs/vfs_conf.c				standard
bsd/vfs/vfs_init.c				standard
# bsd/vfs/vfs_lock.c				standard
bsd/vfs/vfs_lookup.c			standard
bsd/vfs/vfs_subr.c				standard
bsd/vfs/vfs_syscalls.c			standard
bsd/vfs/vfs_support.c			standard
bsd/vfs/vfs_vnops.c				standard
bsd/vfs/vnode_if.c				standard

bsd/miscfs/deadfs/dead_vnops.c		standard
bsd/miscfs/fdesc/fdesc_vfsops.c		optional fdesc
bsd/miscfs/fdesc/fdesc_vnops.c		optional fdesc
bsd/miscfs/fifofs/fifo_vnops.c		optional fifo
bsd/miscfs/kernfs/kernfs_vfsops.c	optional kernfs
bsd/miscfs/kernfs/kernfs_vnops.c	optional kernfs
bsd/miscfs/nullfs/null_subr.c		optional nullfs
bsd/miscfs/nullfs/null_vfsops.c		optional nullfs
bsd/miscfs/nullfs/null_vnops.c		optional nullfs
bsd/miscfs/portal/portal_vfsops.c	optional portal
bsd/miscfs/portal/portal_vnops.c	optional portal
bsd/miscfs/procfs/procfs_subr.c		optional procfs
bsd/miscfs/procfs/procfs_vnops.c	optional procfs
bsd/miscfs/procfs/procfs_vfsops.c	optional procfs
bsd/miscfs/procfs/procfs_note.c		optional procfs
bsd/miscfs/procfs/procfs_mem.c		optional procfs
bsd/miscfs/procfs/procfs_ctl.c		optional procfs
bsd/miscfs/procfs/procfs_status.c	optional procfs
bsd/miscfs/procfs/procfs_regs.c		optional procfs
bsd/miscfs/procfs/procfs_fpregs.c	optional procfs
bsd/miscfs/specfs/spec_vnops.c		standard
bsd/miscfs/umapfs/umap_subr.c		optional umapfs
bsd/miscfs/umapfs/umap_vfsops.c		optional umapfs
bsd/miscfs/umapfs/umap_vnops.c		optional umapfs
bsd/miscfs/union/union_subr.c		optional union
bsd/miscfs/union/union_vfsops.c		optional union
bsd/miscfs/union/union_vnops.c		optional union

bsd/isofs/cd9660/cd9660_bmap.c		optional cd9660
bsd/isofs/cd9660/cd9660_lookup.c	optional cd9660
bsd/isofs/cd9660/cd9660_node.c		optional cd9660
bsd/isofs/cd9660/cd9660_rrip.c		optional cd9660
bsd/isofs/cd9660/cd9660_util.c		optional cd9660
bsd/isofs/cd9660/cd9660_vfsops.c	optional cd9660
bsd/isofs/cd9660/cd9660_vnops.c		optional cd9660

bsd/net/bpf.c				optional bpfilter
bsd/net/if.c				standard
bsd/net/if_ethersubr.c		optional ether device-driver
bsd/net/if_loop.c			optional loop device-driver
bsd/net/if_ppp.c			optional ppp device-driver
bsd/net/if_sl.c				optional sl device-driver
bsd/net/if_tun.c			optional tun device-driver
bsd/net/radix.c				standard
bsd/net/raw_cb.c			standard
bsd/net/raw_usrreq.c		standard
bsd/net/route.c				standard
bsd/net/rtsock.c			standard
bsd/net/slcompress.c		optional ppp device-driver
bsd/net/netbuf.c			standard
bsd/net/netisr.c			standard

bsd/netccitt//ccitt_proto.c		optional ccitt
bsd/netccitt/hd_debug.c			optional hdlc
bsd/netccitt/hd_input.c			optional hdlc
bsd/netccitt/hd_output.c		optional hdlc
bsd/netccitt/hd_subr.c			optional hdlc
bsd/netccitt/hd_timer.c			optional hdlc
bsd/netccitt/if_x25subr.c		optional ccitt
bsd/netccitt/llc_input.c		optional llc
bsd/netccitt/llc_output.c		optional llc
bsd/netccitt/llc_subr.c			optional llc
bsd/netccitt/llc_timer.c		optional llc
bsd/netccitt/pk_acct.c			optional ccitt
bsd/netccitt/pk_debug.c			optional ccitt
bsd/netccitt/pk_input.c			optional ccitt
bsd/netccitt/pk_llcsubr.c		optional llc hdlc
bsd/netccitt/pk_output.c		optional ccitt
bsd/netccitt/pk_subr.c			optional ccitt
bsd/netccitt/pk_timer.c			optional ccitt
bsd/netccitt/pk_usrreq.c		optional ccitt

bsd/netinet/if_ether.c			optional ether
bsd/netinet/igmp.c				standard
bsd/netinet/in.c				standard
bsd/netinet/in_bootp.c			standard
bsd/netinet/in_pcb.c			standard
bsd/netinet/in_proto.c			standard
bsd/netinet/ip_icmp.c			standard
bsd/netinet/ip_input.c			standard
bsd/netinet/ip_mroute.c			optional mrouting
bsd/netinet/ip_output.c			standard
bsd/netinet/raw_ip.c			standard
bsd/netinet/tcp_debug.c			standard
bsd/netinet/tcp_input.c			standard
bsd/netinet/tcp_output.c		standard
bsd/netinet/tcp_subr.c			standard
bsd/netinet/tcp_timer.c			standard
bsd/netinet/tcp_usrreq.c		standard
bsd/netinet/udp_usrreq.c		standard

bsd/netiso/clnp_debug.c			optional iso
bsd/netiso/clnp_er.c			optional iso
bsd/netiso/clnp_frag.c			optional iso
bsd/netiso/clnp_input.c			optional iso
bsd/netiso/clnp_options.c		optional iso
bsd/netiso/clnp_output.c		optional iso
bsd/netiso/clnp_raw.c			optional iso
bsd/netiso/clnp_subr.c			optional iso
bsd/netiso/clnp_timer.c			optional iso
bsd/netiso/cltp_usrreq.c		optional iso
bsd/netiso/esis.c				optional iso
bsd/netiso/idrp_usrreq.c		optional iso
bsd/netiso/if_cons.c			optional iso
bsd/netiso/if_eon.c				optional eon
bsd/netiso/iso.c				optional iso
bsd/netiso/iso_chksum.c			optional iso
bsd/netiso/iso_pcb.c			optional iso
bsd/netiso/iso_proto.c			optional iso
bsd/netiso/iso_snpac.c			optional iso
bsd/netiso/tp_astring.c			optional iso tpip
bsd/netiso/tp_cons.c			optional iso
bsd/netiso/tp_driver.c			optional iso tpip
bsd/netiso/tp_emit.c			optional iso tpip
bsd/netiso/tp_inet.c			optional iso tpip
bsd/netiso/tp_input.c			optional iso tpip
bsd/netiso/tp_iso.c				optional iso
bsd/netiso/tp_meas.c			optional iso tpip
bsd/netiso/tp_output.c			optional iso tpip
bsd/netiso/tp_pcb.c				optional iso tpip
bsd/netiso/tp_subr.c			optional iso tpip
bsd/netiso/tp_subr2.c			optional iso tpip
bsd/netiso/tp_timer.c			optional iso tpip
bsd/netiso/tp_trace.c			optional iso tpip
bsd/netiso/tp_usrreq.c			optional iso tpip
bsd/netiso/tuba_subr.c			optional iso tuba
bsd/netiso/tuba_table.c			optional iso tuba
bsd/netiso/tuba_usrreq.c		optional iso tuba

bsd/netns/idp_usrreq.c			optional ns
bsd/netns/ns.c					optional ns
bsd/netns/ns_error.c			optional ns
bsd/netns/ns_input.c			optional ns
bsd/netns/ns_ip.c				optional ns
bsd/netns/ns_output.c			optional ns
bsd/netns/ns_pcb.c				optional ns
bsd/netns/ns_proto.c			optional ns
bsd/netns/spp_debug.c			optional ns
bsd/netns/spp_usrreq.c			optional ns

bsd/nfs/krpc_subr.c		optional nfsclient
bsd/nfs/nfs_bio.c		optional nfsclient
bsd/nfs/nfs_boot.c		optional nfsclient
bsd/nfs/nfs_node.c		optional nfsclient
bsd/nfs/nfs_nqlease.c	optional nfsclient nfsserver
bsd/nfs/nfs_serv.c		optional nfsserver
bsd/nfs/nfs_socket.c	optional nfsclient nfsserver
bsd/nfs/nfs_srvcache.c	optional nfsserver
bsd/nfs/nfs_subs.c		optional nfsclient nfsserver
bsd/nfs/nfs_syscalls.c	optional nfsclient nfsserver
bsd/nfs/nfs_vfsops.c	optional nfsclient
bsd/nfs/nfs_vnops.c		optional nfsclient

bsd/ufs/ffs/ffs_alloc.c		standard
bsd/ufs/ffs/ffs_balloc.c	standard
bsd/ufs/ffs/ffs_inode.c		standard
bsd/ufs/ffs/ffs_subr.c		standard
bsd/ufs/ffs/ffs_tables.c	standard
bsd/ufs/ffs/ffs_vfsops.c	standard
bsd/ufs/ffs/ffs_vnops.c		standard
bsd/ufs/lfs/lfs_alloc.c		optional lfs
bsd/ufs/lfs/lfs_balloc.c	optional lfs
bsd/ufs/lfs/lfs_bio.c		optional lfs
bsd/ufs/lfs/lfs_cksum.c		optional lfs
bsd/ufs/lfs/lfs_debug.c		optional lfs
bsd/ufs/lfs/lfs_inode.c		optional lfs
bsd/ufs/lfs/lfs_segment.c	optional lfs
bsd/ufs/lfs/lfs_subr.c		optional lfs
bsd/ufs/lfs/lfs_syscalls.c	optional lfs
bsd/ufs/lfs/lfs_vfsops.c	optional lfs
bsd/ufs/lfs/lfs_vnops.c		optional lfs
bsd/ufs/mfs/mfs_vfsops.c	optional mfs
bsd/ufs/mfs/mfs_vnops.c		optional mfs
bsd/ufs/ufs/ufs_bmap.c		standard
bsd/ufs/ufs/ufs_byte_order.c	optional rev_endian_fs
bsd/ufs/ufs/ufs_ihash.c		standard
bsd/ufs/ufs/ufs_inode.c		standard
bsd/ufs/ufs/ufs_lockf.c		standard
bsd/ufs/ufs/ufs_lookup.c	standard
bsd/ufs/ufs/ufs_quota.c		optional quota
bsd/ufs/ufs/ufs_vfsops.c	standard
bsd/ufs/ufs/ufs_vnops.c		standard

bsd/hfs/hfs_btreeio.c				optional hfs
bsd/hfs/hfs_lockf.c				optional hfs
bsd/hfs/hfs_lookup.c				optional hfs
bsd/hfs/hfs_readwrite.c				optional hfs
bsd/hfs/hfs_vfsops.c				optional hfs
bsd/hfs/hfs_vfsutils.c				optional hfs
bsd/hfs/hfs_vhash.c				optional hfs
bsd/hfs/hfs_vnodeops.c				optional hfs
bsd/hfs/MacOSStubs.c				optional hfs
bsd/hfs/hfscommon/BTree/BTree.c			optional hfs
bsd/hfs/hfscommon/BTree/BTreeAllocate.c		optional hfs
bsd/hfs/hfscommon/BTree/BTreeMiscOps.c		optional hfs
bsd/hfs/hfscommon/BTree/BTreeNodeOps.c		optional hfs
bsd/hfs/hfscommon/BTree/BTreeScanner.c		optional hfs
bsd/hfs/hfscommon/BTree/BTreeTreeOps.c		optional hfs
bsd/hfs/hfscommon/Catalog/CatSearch.c		optional hfs
bsd/hfs/hfscommon/Catalog/Catalog.c		optional hfs
bsd/hfs/hfscommon/Catalog/CatalogIterators.c	optional hfs
bsd/hfs/hfscommon/Catalog/CatalogUtilities.c	optional hfs
bsd/hfs/hfscommon/Catalog/FileIDsServices.c	optional hfs
bsd/hfs/hfscommon/Misc/Attributes.c		optional hfs
bsd/hfs/hfscommon/Misc/BTreeWrapper.c		optional hfs
bsd/hfs/hfscommon/Misc/FileExtentMapping.c	optional hfs
bsd/hfs/hfscommon/Misc/FileMgrInit.c		optional hfs
bsd/hfs/hfscommon/Misc/GenericMRUCache.c	optional hfs
bsd/hfs/hfscommon/Misc/HFSInstrumentation.c	optional hfs
bsd/hfs/hfscommon/Misc/HFSUtilities.c		optional hfs
bsd/hfs/hfscommon/Misc/VolumeAllocation.c	optional hfs
bsd/hfs/hfscommon/Misc/VolumeCheck.c		optional hfs
bsd/hfs/hfscommon/Misc/VolumeRequests.c		optional hfs
bsd/hfs/hfscommon/Unicode/ConvertUTF.c		optional hfs
bsd/hfs/hfscommon/Unicode/UnicodeWrappers.c	optional hfs

bsd/kern/cmu_syscalls.c			standard
bsd/kern/init_main.c			standard
bsd/kern/init_sysent.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_acct.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_clock.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_core.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_symfile.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_descrip.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_exec.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_exit.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_fork.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_ktrace.c			optional ktrace
bsd/kern/kern_lock.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_malloc.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_mman.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_physio.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_proc.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_prot.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_resource.c		standard
bsd/kern/kern_shutdown.c		standard
bsd/kern/kern_sig.c				standard
bsd/kern/kern_subr.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_synch.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_sysctl.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_time.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_xxx.c				standard
bsd/kern/mach_process.c			standard
bsd/kern/qsort.c				optional kernobjc
bsd/kern/subr_disk.c			standard
bsd/kern/subr_log.c				standard
bsd/kern/subr_prf.c				standard
#bsd/kern/subr_prof.c			optional noprofiling
bsd/kern/subr_xxx.c				standard
bsd/kern/sys_generic.c			standard
bsd/kern/sys_socket.c			standard
bsd/kern/syscalls.c				optional debug
bsd/kern/tty.c					standard
bsd/kern/tty_compat.c			optional compat_43
bsd/kern/tty_conf.c				standard
bsd/kern/tty_pty.c			optional pty
bsd/kern/tty_subr.c				standard
bsd/kern/tty_tty.c				standard
bsd/kern/uipc_domain.c			standard
bsd/kern/uipc_mbuf.c			standard
bsd/kern/uipc_proto.c			standard
bsd/kern/uipc_socket.c			standard
bsd/kern/uipc_socket2.c			standard
bsd/kern/uipc_syscalls.c		standard
bsd/kern/uipc_usrreq.c			standard

conf/param.c				standard

ipc/ipc_entry.c				standard
ipc/ipc_hash.c				standard
ipc/ipc_init.c				standard
ipc/ipc_kmsg.c				standard
ipc/ipc_marequest.c			standard
ipc/ipc_mqueue.c			standard
ipc/ipc_notify.c			standard
ipc/ipc_object.c			standard
ipc/ipc_port.c				standard
ipc/ipc_pset.c				standard
ipc/ipc_right.c				standard
ipc/ipc_space.c				standard
ipc/ipc_splay.c				standard
ipc/ipc_table.c				standard
ipc/ipc_thread.c			standard
ipc/mach_debug.c			optional mach_ipc_debug
ipc/mach_msg.c				standard
ipc/mach_port.c				standard

kern/ast.c				standard
kern/counters.c				standard
kern/exception.c			standard
kern/host.c				standard
kern/ipc_host.c				standard
kern/ipc_kobject.c			standard
kern/ipc_mig.c				standard
kern/ipc_netport.c			optional mach_np
kern/ipc_sched.c			standard
kern/ipc_tt.c				standard
kern/ipc_xxx.c				standard
kern/iprintf.c				standard
kern/kalloc.c				standard
kern/kernel_stack.c			optional kernel_stack
kern/lock.c				optional cpus
kern/mach_clock.c			standard
kern/mach_factor.c			standard
kern/mach_header.c			standard
kern/mach_init.c			standard
kern/mach_fat.c				standard
kern/mach_loader.c			standard
kern/mach_net.c				standard
kern/mach_net_tcp.c			optional mach_np
kern/machine.c				standard
kern/malloc_debug.c			optional mallocdebug
kern/mapfs.c				standard
kern/miniMon.c				standard
kern/netport_tcp.c			optional mach_np
kern/ns_timer.c				standard
kern/parallel.c				standard
kern/power.c				standard
kern/priority.c				standard
kern/processor.c			standard
kern/queue.c				standard
kern/kdp.c				standard
kern/kdp_udp.c				standard
kern/sched_prim.c			standard
kern/slave.c				standard
kern/syscall_subr.c			standard
kern/syscall_sw.c			standard
kern/task.c				standard
kern/thread.c				standard
kern/thread_call.c			standard
kern/thread_swap.c			standard
kern/time_stamp.c			standard
kern/timer.c				standard
kern/zalloc.c				standard

kern/kdebug.c				optional kdebug

kernserv/kern_server.c			optional kernserv
kernserv/kern_notify.c			standard

./kernserv/kern_server_handler.c	optional kernserv
./kernserv/kern_server_reply_user.c	optional kernserv

./mach/exc_server.c			standard
./mach/mach_host_server.c		standard
./mach/mach_port_server.c		standard
./mach/mach_server.c			standard
./mach_debug/mach_debug_server.c	optional mach_debug

uxkern/ux_exception.c			standard

vm/vm_fault.c				standard
vm/vm_init.c				standard
vm/vm_kern.c				standard
vm/vm_map.c				standard
vm/vm_mem_region.c			standard
vm/vm_object.c				standard
vm/vm_pageout.c				standard
vm/vm_pager.c				standard
vm/vm_policy.c				standard
vm/vm_resident.c			standard
vm/vm_synchronize.c			standard
vm/vm_unix.c				standard
vm/vm_user.c				standard
vm/vnode_pager.c			standard

dev/vnd.c		optional vnd device-driver

driverkit/objc_support.m		optional kernobjc
driverkit/autoconfCommon.m		optional driverkit
driverkit/KernLock.m			optional driverkit
driverkit/KernBus.m			optional driverkit
driverkit/KernBusMemory.m		optional driverkit
driverkit/KernBusInterrupt.m		optional driverkit
driverkit/KernDevice.m			optional driverkit
driverkit/KernDeviceDescription.m	optional driverkit
driverkit/KernStringList.m		optional driverkit
driverkit/driverServerXXX.m		optional driverkit
./driverkit/driverServerServer.c	optional driverkit

bsd/dev/SCSIDiskKern.m			optional driverkit
bsd/dev/SCSIGenericKern.m		optional driverkit

bsd/dev/ev.c				optional event

driverkit/ddm.c				optional uxpr

bsd/netat/atp_alloc.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/atp_misc.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/atp_open.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/atp_read.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/atp_write.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/asp_proto.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/ddp_aep.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/ddp.c				optional netat
bsd/netat/ddp_brt.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/ddp_proto.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/ddp_nbp.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/ddp_rtmp.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/ddp_sip.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/ddp_rtmptable.c		optional netat
bsd/netat/ddp_r_rtmp.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/ddp_r_zip.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/ddp_aarp.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/ddp_lap.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/adsp_CLDeny.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/adsp_Read.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/adsp_Timer.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/adsp_attention.c		optional netat
bsd/netat/adsp_CLListen.c		optional netat
bsd/netat/adsp_NewCID.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/adsp_TimerElem.c		optional netat
bsd/netat/adsp_reset.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/adsp_Close.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/adsp_Open.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/adsp_RxAttn.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/adsp_Write.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/adsp_Control.c		optional netat
bsd/netat/adsp_RxData.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/adsp.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/adsp_Init.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/adsp_Options.c		optional netat
bsd/netat/adsp_stream.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/adsp_InitGlobals.c		optional netat
bsd/netat/adsp_Packet.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/adsp_Status.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/adsp_misc.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/sys_glue.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/sys_dep.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/drv_dep.c			optional netat
